feature(import): ajout de la possibilité d'avoir un bouton d'import de configuration sur une page web (#39)
floragc-octo/am-i-doing-this-in-prod: README.md

]
```

### one click import for your project

> If you want to import easily the configuration for all your project you can use event for all user who already installed the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to import easily the configuration for all your projects you can use an event for all user who already installed the extension.
```
